Docs: document the `managed_service_accounts_enabled` configuration option (#93883)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

<hr />

### managed_service_accounts_enabled

> Only available in Grafana 11.3+.

> Enables the use of managed service accounts for plugin authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
Set to `true` to enable the use of managed service accounts for plugin authentication. Default is `false`.
```
